[Agnes MacKenzie]
Previously. on The Testaments...
We are so grateful for how well
you've groomed our girls for marriage.
Of course. you'd think it's easy.
You've been practicing for months.
You still have to learn
the opening number.
[Agnes] Becka was teaching me
the dance for the Ball.
Thank you. Becka.
She needs all the help she can get.
Oh. Guardian?
I'd like to have that card read.
"Agnes. congratulations
on reaching this milestone.
"God hath blessed you in every respect.
I look forward to a dance at the Ball."
[Becka]
I didn't want this for either of us.
I don't wanna get married.
-Welcome to our home.
-Thank you for having us. Commander. sir.
You all showed the world
some Gilead grit last week.
-[teapot clanks]
-[tea splashes]
Pray I won't be married off
to a man from the Colonies. will I?
-What happened?
-She spilled her tea.
[crying]
-[Agnes grunts]
-Agnes found the bride!
-Is it bad?
-Of course. it's bad.
How awful.
And with the Ball so soon.
My dad will take good care of you.
Promise.
[Dr. Grove]
This is just a mild sedative.
Before you know it.
you'll wake up with a perfect smile.
[♪ tense music playing]
[♪ music fades out]
[♪ soft. dramatic music playing]
[Agnes] In Gilead. you weren't
supposed to think about bodies.
Yours or anybody else's.
I wasn't even sure what
Becka's father had done to me.
but the shame
still swelled in me like a wave.
I tried to push it down.
Growing up here made you
an expert at pushing things down.
Hiding from others was easy.
But hiding from yourself?
That's where Gilead really made you excel.
[both giggling]
You look gorgeous.
Thank you. Rosa. [chuckles]
Oh. that tailor truly is a man of God.
Turn.
It's a beautiful dress.
I loved the one I wore to my prom.
It was black velvet. strapless.
It means no sleeves or shoulders.
Anyways. different times.
Do you feel prepared?
I think so.
A little conviction would be nice.
Now. what do you do
if a Commander offers you a drink?
I decline.
No. you hesitate.
"Oh. I-- I c--
[chuckling] I don't..."
He'll either let it go.
or encourage it.
Now. if he insists?
I accept. With grace.
But not too much grace.
You're a Godly girl. not a prig.
I know I've been rigorous
in my instruction.
but I just want what's best for you.
You know that. right?
Yes. Mother.
This is going to be a special evening.
You'll want fond memories of it.
[♪ soft music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[Agnes] Gilead had reduced
our adolescence to almost nothing.
Before this. we were children
and after.
we'd become married women.
This was our one night
to approximate being teenagers.
And I wasn't gonna let
anything ruin it for me.
Besides. it was the event
that would decide my future.
How many people
can say that about their prom?
♪♪
[excited squeals and chatter]
[laughter]
[Plums and Greens chattering]
And here they are.
This year's Greens.
You girls will do wonderful
even with those jitters.
We pray for You to guide us.
Lead us to success
that we may fulfill Your will.
-Amen.
-[girls] Amen.
Don't forget to smile.
[excited chattering continues]
Agnes! I'm so glad that you're here.
If I had to bear witness to Jehosheba's
prayer circle for one more minute.
I was gonna scream. [chuckles]
Hey. you're gonna do great.
-Do you want to practice the dance--
-No. I'm fine.
Pray. you both look so beautiful!
You guys must be dying from excitement.
I'm so jealous.
I hope you get to dance
with Commander Henry.
I hear looks-wise. he's very blessed.
No. Don't worry about him.
He's a minor Commander.
The top Commanders
don't come out until later.
[sighs]
You girls are so lucky.
[excited chattering continues]
[Aunt Estee] Girls!
-[people shushing]
-[Aunt] Quiet. girls.
Somewhere out there
is your future husband.
Tonight. you will meet him.
Soon you will share a life with him.
Raise children with him.
And love and obey him
as he will love and protect you.
God be with you. my bunnies!
Praise be!
-[all] Praise be!
-Praise be.
[excited chattering resumes]
You look so beautiful.
You can do this.
Thanks. Shu.
[Aunt Estee]
Alright. girls! Let's line up!
[♪ hopeful music playing]
[chattering continues]
-Yay!
-[girl] Thank you.
Ooh!
[Agnes] You asked me earlier if my friends
and I expected to find love.
But what did we know about love?
We expected to find husbands.
And we were told
we would love our husbands
because they were our husbands.
Not for any other reason.
[♪ bright orchestral music playing]
[♪ bright orchestral music continues]
♪♪
Aunt Lydia. your work
with these girls is truly a triumph.
They're magnificent!
[♪ bright orchestral music continues]
♪♪
[♪ music ends]
[cheering and applause]
-[Aunt Vidala] Beautiful. girls.
-[Commander] You're a blessing to us all.
[crowd murmuring]
Oh. it was just beautiful. Beautiful.
[Aunt Vidala]
Time for the Father's dance.
[indistinct chatter]
[girl] Hi. Daddy!
[♪ "Come to Life" by Trent Dabbs playing]
[Dr. Grove] Ready. sweetie?
[Agnes gasps]
[Commander Kyle MacKenzie] Agnes?
Sorry. Blessed evening. Daddy.
[♪ "Come to Life" continues playing]
♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
[♪ song ends]
[applause]
[indistinct chatter]
[young Commander]
Blessed be. Commander MacKenzie.
Take my daughter's hand.
More precious than jewels.
May I have this dance?
In His grace.
[♪ orchestral string music playing]
♪♪
[Agnes] I was dancing.
With a boy.
We had been at turns curious
and frightened of those strange beings
who would soon become men.
Men who would protect us.
Or hurt us.
Optimism bias is a term
I've learned recently.
From a psychiatrist.
It's when you believe
something good might happen.
despite all evidence to the contrary.
[♪ orchestral string music continues]
[indistinct chatter]
[Aunt Gabbana] They did well.
[Aunt Vidala]
I should check in with Aunt Lydia.
-[Shunammite] It's an herbal tea.
-[sniffing] It smells awful.
-[whispering] Yeah.
-[both sniffing]
[whispering]
Where'd you get the recipe?
[whispering] My cousin.
[Shunammite slurping]
What does it taste like?
[smacking lips. breathing deeply]
[whispering] Womanhood.
And mushrooms.
-[slurping]
-Hey. save me some.
[whispering] I'm the one who had
to ferment nettles in my closet!
[whispering] I just want one sip.
[whispering] I want triplets. Hulda.
When Helen had twins.
her husband bought her
a Mercedes and diamond earrings.
-[chuckles softly]
-[slurping]
[indistinct chattering continues]
[metal jar lid closing]
[♪ orchestral string music
continues playing]
S-Sorry I haven't said much.
I've been counting my steps.
Me. too.
I probably should have taken
the Dance refresher class.
but they were showing
a movie in the barracks.
so I did that instead.
Oh. yeah?
Yeah. It was about a giant shark.
terrorizing a small town.
Jaws!
You've seen it?!
Mm. No. but my father told me
about it when we went to the beach.
He said it used to be
one of his favorites.
"You're gonna need a bigger boat."
Oh. right. You haven't seen it.
Do you like your classes?
Some of them.
I like embroidery. and music.
-What do you play? Piano? Guitar?
-The hammered dulcimer.
Oh. nice.
What. uh. songs have you learned?
Uh. "The Foggy Dew."
"Pachelbel's Canon."
You're really pretty.
[♪ orchestral string music continues]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[laughter]
[Commander]
Gentlemen. go ahead without me.
Be right there.
[♪ muffled orchestral music
playing in distance]
God created all of us.
But He took His time with you. didn't He?
Perhaps. if you're a good girl...
this White might become
Green.
And you. ripe.
Don't touch me.
[Daisy breathing heavily]
Heretic bitch!
-[tray clatters]
-[Garth] Commander?
[Commander]
A mouthy one. this girl.
Don't trouble yourself.
I'll take care of her.
[breathing heavily]
Under His eye.
Under His eye. Commander.
[Garth] Are you insane?
-A little Toronto slipped out--
-Lose it.
Unless you want to lose your tongue.
-Sorry. I wasn't prepped for perverts.
-Go ahead for Chapin.
Copy that. All clear.
[whispering] Look. you're doing well.
That thing you noticed with the chocolate?
It was helpful.
-It was?
-Yeah.
Can you find out more?
About what?
If Commander MacKenzie
is meeting with the Japanese.
we think he might be brokering
a deal for artillery--
-How the fuck am I supposed to--
-Lower your voice.
[softly] I don't think Agnes
will know anything about that.
-[softly] Just get close to her.
-You get close to her.
[♪ tense music continues]
So. have they said anything yet?
About me?
You're still working on
getting me out of here. right?
You've got to prove
you're worth the trouble.
[door opens]
Clean up this mess
before I knock you senseless!
[door shuts]
[♪ slow orchestral music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
♪♪
It's a fine-looking batch this year.
A man could strain his neck.
[both chuckle]
Alright. Judd.
I think these young guns
have whet their appetites.
Now let's show them where they will eat.
Gentlemen. those are your future wives.
Let's act worthy. shall we?
Of course. We're merely celebrating.
Gentlemen... to the women of Gilead.
[glasses clinking]
[♪ slow orchestral music continues]
[indistinct chatter]
[♪ music ends]
[applause]
[Commander] I think that's our cue.
-[excited chattering]
-Wait. here they come.
[girl 1] Tell me everything!
[girl 2] You did so good out there!
[girl 3] Sit down. sit down!
Pray. how is it?
It's kind of a blur.
Are there any Commanders
who have their eyes on you?
I don't think so.
[Becka] Really?
You seemed to like dancing
with that first Commander.
Thought maybe you had found a match.
Why are you paying attention
to what I'm doing anyways?
Did I do something to offend you?
No. Forget it.
Then. pray. why are you being so weird?
I'm sure Agnes didn't mean anything by it.
[Aunt Vidala] Girls. look smart.
You are needed back on the floor.
[girls]
Yes. Aunt Vidala.
[Aunt Vidala] Behave yourselves.
[laughter and excited chatter]
[whispering] What is going on with them?
They're acting so odd.
[softly] Hulda. you can be
so thick sometimes.
They're obviously fighting over
the affections of a Commander.
[softly] How do you know that?
Because this always happens
as matchmaking season advances.
The Aunts aren't going to say it outright.
but Agnes and Becka?
They're each other's competition.
But they have always been so close.
Hulda. God has made you
ineligible for good reason.
You could benefit
from growing up a little.
[softly] I... I never thought
about it like that before.
[quiet chatter]
Do you think that God made you
ineligible for the same reason?
[Commanders chattering]
[Agnes] For a moment.
they had let us dream.
But we all knew who our real suitors were.
Occasionally. you could wind up
with someone young.
like Penny had.
But girls like us. from the best houses.
were matched with
the most powerful Commanders.
May I have this dance?
In His grace.
Of course. we all hoped
we would be the exception.
[doors close]
[♪ slow orchestral music playing]
I'm afraid I'm a little rusty.
It's been a while.
♪♪
-You understand? Good.
-Yes. Commander.
I'm sorry to interrupt. Commander.
but your presence is urgently needed
in the War Room.
Excuse me. Miss MacKenzie.
I'm being called away.
If you could take my place
with the young lady.
Blessed evening.
[♪ slow orchestral music
continues playing]
[Agnes] So this...
this is what it's supposed to feel like.
[indistinct chatter]
[chuckles] Why don't we get a refreshment?
You got a pin for bravery.
Because of the Mayday attack?
I just had the good fortune
not to get shot.
You did more than that.
I remember it very well.
Does it feel strange to shoot someone?
[Garth softly chuckles]
You know. your small talk
could use a little work.
It's to distract you
from my terrible dancing.
You seem fine to me.
Thank you.
Perhaps a little something
to ease the nerves?
Are the other security guys
giving me the stink-eye?
I bet they're seething with jealousy.
I don't know
and I probably shouldn't look.
I could get in trouble.
You know. I think tonight some
of the rules kind of fall by the wayside.
Then. could I ask you a question?
-Go ahead.
-I was wondering what you meant by--
Go ahead for Chapin.
Copy that.
I'm sorry. Miss MacKenzie.
I have to get back to work.
[♪ slow orchestral music
continues playing]
[doors close]
Would you like another?
Please forgive me.
-[Commanders chattering]
-[applause]
The men's glasses never seem to be empty.
Not a surprise. Not my concern.
It is paramount. however.
for the young women to abstain.
Aunt Lydia. these are not
your Handmaids from days gone by.
These are Godly girls.
They know how to behave.
It's your own instruction
that we rely upon to ensure it.
My girls have been instructed
to always defer to Commanders.
Do not let them get my girls drunk.
Please remind them I'm in charge
of their matches.
I'll have a word with them.
Thank you. Commander.
Oh. Aunt Vidala?
I just wanted to thank you
for all your work.
bringing this together.
Well. Aunt Lydia is the one--
Aunt Lydia is slowing down.
Of course. it's only natural
that she should be.
But I think maybe the time's come
for you and I to discuss
our vision for the future.
[indistinct chatter]
[Aunt Lydia]
Yes. they are good. Godly girls.
-All praise to the Lord. Righteous God.
-[Commander] Yes. of course.
Excuse me. Commander.
I'm needed downstairs.
Of course.
[unsteady footsteps stomping]
[whispering] Go distract Aunt Estee.
-Wait. What are you gonna do--
-Just do it!
[doors open]
[whispering] Becka!
-Shu. I think I'm gonna be sick.
-Plum up.
-I don't think any of the Aunts saw.
-Everyone saw.
Daisy. quick. Take her inside.
I have to go back
-before the Aunts see that I'm gone.
-What's wrong with her?
[whispering] She's unwell!
-She's drunk!
-Shh!
So. help her!
If the Aunts see her like this.
it's over for her!
Shit. Mm.
I-- I mean. go.
I've dealt with similar circumstances.
Thank you.
[Becka groans]
[Daisy] Pray. how much did you drink?
[Becka retches]
Have some water.
Did you eat today?
[coughs] No.
I didn't eat because
I was too anxious because of the...
Tonight.
I also didn't really eat
that much yesterday.
You'll be okay.
Can you get back out there?
I don't want to go.
I don't want them... touching me.
I don't want them looking at me.
I just-- I--
[breathes deeply]
I know it's a sin.
but... [sighs]
sometimes I close my eyes
and I pray for God
to broom away the Earth
and extinguish the stars.
Okay.
Well. you're more articulate
than most drunk girls.
I understand how you feel.
The men here. a lot of them. they're...
scary.
But there are some good ones. too.
Back in Toronto. I knew a lot of good men.
Guys you could have
an actual conversation with.
Real friends.
If that's true. then why did you leave?
Remember what the Aunts always tell us?
God loves you
and He has something special
in store for you.
They don't say that.
Oh. Okay.
Well. they say the first part.
What does it feel like?
To run away.
[softly] Don't think about that.
Think about how much
your friends care about you.
Shunammite risked getting
in big trouble to bring you to me.
And Agnes?
She loves you.
[inhales sharply]
[voice breaking] Not the way I love her.
[♪ soft. melancholy music playing]
-[Becka sniffles]
-Okay.
We need to get you back out there.
Ready?
You're okay.
It's okay to feel this way.
I can get back on my own.
[door closes]
And for my next embroidery project.
I'm gonna make a dish towel
for my favorite Martha--
That's lovely. Hulda.
I'll be right back.
[excited chattering]
-Is Becka okay?
-She will be fine. God willing.
Did you see Becka?
It's a shame a girl
with such promise threw it all away.
[Constance] Pray. what happened?
[Jehosheba] If my father was a dentist.
I'd be a bit more careful.
The Lord said do not
go about spreading slander.
Well. if you'd seen her.
you'd know it's not slander.
She's headed for the Colonies--
-[people gasping]
-[chattering stops]
[breathing shakily]
[girls murmuring]
Shu. let's go.
[♪ slow orchestral music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[distorted. muffled chatter]
[normal] Agnes. You're next.
Come with me. please.
I'm taking you to some Commanders
who would like to meet you.
You're soon to be matched with a husband
whose rank befits your status.
Do you understand
the responsibility that entails?
Yes. Aunt Gabbana.
You're a very lucky girl. Agnes.
I'm not sure you realize just how lucky.
Our natural proclivities
are not necessarily Godly ones.
Many a race has been lost
right at the finish line.
The weak may fall.
but you mustn't stumble over them.
Okay?
I hope you can fulfill their expectations.
[softly] Under His eye. dear.
[softly] Under His eye. Aunt Gabbana.
[♪ slow orchestral music
continues in distance]
[door creaking]
[Commander Judd]
Agnes. Please come and sit down.
Look into the lens...
here.
You and I are gonna have a conversation
so that the Commanders here
can get to know you a little better.
Okay. so. Agnes...
how will you exemplify your wifely duties?
[voice shaking] As a Wife...
I will serve my husband with...
I will obey him and...
-[camera shuts off]
-[Agnes breathing heavily]
You must be nervous.
Are you?
[sobbing]
[breathing shakily]
Here.
You know. Agnes.
Penny thinks really highly of you.
Just be yourself
and that'll shine through. okay?
I don't know if I can
live up to her example.
I'm so happy for her.
Yeah. she's delighted that
the pregnancy is advancing.
Me. too.
I'm hoping you'll come visit her soon.
As a Wife.
[Commander coughing on screen]
Yeah. listen. it's okay
you started a little rocky.
We're all allowed to make mistakes.
What do you say? You ready to try again?
Yes.
Okay.
-[camera beeps]
-Sorry about that. gentlemen.
Agnes and I had some technical troubles.
[Commander clears throat on screen]
Agnes. how will you fulfill
your wifely duties?
[Agnes] It worked out for Penny.
She found her prince.
-[Aunt] Come along now.
-[Agnes] I could. too.
God wouldn't let me fall from grace.
I had to trust in His plan.
[girls chattering]
Aunt Estee. the Commanders are waiting.
This all looks great.
Pray. are you okay?
I hear you... may have had
some trouble tonight.
You're a desirable match.
I know it will not hurt your chances.
[scoffs]
Worse comes to worst.
I could just run away.
I'll run away with you.
We could steal one of Paula's horses.
Applesauce. [chuckles]
Her favorite one.
[indistinct chatter]
Aunt Lydia.
I trust your expectations were met?
Hardly.
I saw more than one girl
plied with drinks.
You failed.
But the Commanders were--
How was I supposed--
You still have much to prove.
Blessed evening. Aunt Vidala.
[indistinct chatter]
-Did the Aunts say anything?
-Not yet.
Maybe you're in the clear.
For all you know.
a Commander could be requesting
to be matched with you right now.
How long do you think
this is going to take?
Probably not long.
The Commanders always give
their requests to the Aunts.
but the Aunts probably
won't make any matches tonight.
[approaching footsteps]
I saw you dancing
with Commander Pritchett.
Don't get your hopes up.
He made it quite clear
I was his first choice.
Don't pay any attention to her.
She's showboating.
Pray. I hope you're right.
Because my mother told me
he's my best chance.
Well. her only chance.
-[doors opening]
-Girls.
Most of you did very well tonight.
But some of you. and you know who you are.
have disappointed us all.
Let that weigh heavy on your souls!
And pray that He may be merciful
in your matches.
[bell tolling]
[soft murmuring]
Is that what I think it is?
-I think it is.
-No. No way. Not today.
-That has to be a prank.
-No one would do that.
-Is everyone here?
-Who could it be?
[doors open]
[Hulda panting]
[whispering] Shu. tea worked!
[Hulda giggles]
As He blessed Ruth and Leah.
He has blessed me the same!
This day. Today.
And as He answered the prayers
of Sarah. Rachel. and Rebecca.
He has saved me
from barrenness and emptiness.
By His hand. may He make me fruitful.
What a blessing.
-Praise be.
-[girls] Praise be!
-Congratulations!
-[excited chatter]
-[girl 1] Hulda!
-[girl 2] Congratulations!
[excited chatter]
[girl 3] He has blessed you!
-Praise be.
-[Hulda chuckles]
[excited chattering continues]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[Commander MacKenzie]
Your mother would be so proud...
if she could've seen you
out there tonight.
I can't wait to tell her
all about it when we get home.
[Guardian] [over radio]
All clear over here.
Thank you for stepping up security.
Chapin. It was prudent.
Trust you had
a blessed evening. Commander?
I only wish there had been
fewer distractions.
Commander Weston being pulled away.
Efforts on the Front have begun.
It's a nasty business. but...
the rebels must be rooted out.
By His hand. Commander.
Congratulations on your promotion.
by the way.
Making Commander in a few weeks. I hear?
[Garth] Yes. Thank you. sir.
I'm sure that is
in no small part due to you.
[Commander MacKenzie]
No. don't thank me.
We need men like yourself.
Men like your father.
willing to rise to the occasion.
[Guardian] [over radio]
Radius secure. Proceed.
Approaching bridge. all clear.
[dogs barking]
[Garth] Blessed evening.
[♪ soft. hopeful music playing]
[Agnes]
Garth was becoming a Commander.
And if he were a Commander.
he would be eligible.
And if he became eligible...
he could be mine.
All I could think about were his eyes.
his touch.
his heat.
I felt the world was filled
with possibility.
And hope.
[♪ soft. hopeful music
continues playing]
[insects chirring]
[rooster crowing]
[roaring]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm